[stomping]
[whooshing]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
ALIEN CHASE
I'm so hungry...
Kana, you've been saying that all day.
Well, of course.
In the morning,
I get hungry waiting for lunch,
and after lunch, I get hungry
counting the hours till dinner.
It sounds like you have
a big appetite.
Growing girls need to eat!
Right, Naoko?
Huh? What?
[Kana] Weren't you listening?
Oh, I was reading poetry.
Naoko is more into poems than food.
I guess so.
But I'm jealous how you can eat
whenever you want to.
Right, Naoko?
-[yelling] Arf, arf! This is terrible!
-[girls gasp]
-What happened, Mutchan?
-Arf, arf, arf!
Look!
Three o'clock is gone!
-[Naoko] What?
-[Kana] The number must've fallen off.
Not just that clock! Mine, too!
[Naoko] You're right.
Three o'clock is missing.
What am I going to do?
I can't get my three o'clock snack
without three o'clock!
[barking]
[all] Huh?
[yelps]
-Oh!
-Naoko!
Are you okay?
-[Yamada] Sorry, sorry!
-[Kana, Erika] Huh?
My bad, Naoko.
Takashi Yamada!
You did that on purpose!
It wasn't on purpose.
I was playing soccer over there when...
[laughs, grunts]
-Ah!
-Where'd the net go?
[yelps]
And that's what happened.
Is that even possible?
-No way.
-It's true.
I'm sorry, Naoko!
Ugh!
[Miyako] Come and get some takoyaki!
-[sizzling]
-Delicious takoyaki!
Oh, I can't resist those octopus balls!
Me either.
Naoko, let's eat some.
What? Takoyaki?
I'm okay.
Why not?
Having dried seaweed stuck in your teeth
is not ladylike.
Ladylike?
Why don't you get it without the seaweed?
It's okay.
I don't get hungry when I read poetry.
[stomach rumbling]
You are hungry.
But I'm trying to eat healthier.
Healthier?
[Kana, Erika] Mm...
-What?
-Have you really been trying?
[yelling] What does that mean?
Hey, you!
Welcome.
Don't you "welcome" me!
There was no octopus in my octopus balls!
That can't be. My takoyaki is known for
having big chunks of octopus.
Ugh, a complainer.
How disturbing.
We should keep our distance.
Don't treat me like a serial complainer!
Look, none of these have any octopus!
I bet you ate all the octopus yourself!
Ugh, a takoyaki con man.
How disturbing.
An octopus swindler.
I would never stoop that low!
My family is the richest in town!
Then start acting like it
and stop making false accusations.
[Lisa] Hey, old lady!
Who are you calling old lady?
The takoyaki I just bought have
no octopus in them!
Er! It's true!
Excuse me, there's no octopus
in my octopus balls.
Yours, too?
I told you! It's not just me!
No way!
Let me see what's inside those!
I just added the octopus
so it must be in there. See--
It's gone?
How can this be? What?
-What? What?
-[Kinpika] See? I told you!
-None of them have octopus!
-[groans]
You're the con man!
-[Bibilian laughing]
-[gasps]
[all gasp]
[Naoko] It's the alien!
Hello there, Naoko.
You're looking as beautiful as ever.
-[Naoko] What are you doing here?
-[laughs]
I took all the octopus
out of the takoyaki. [laughs]
I also took all the three o'clocks
and the nets from the soccer goals.
That's right, I did all those things.
[laughs]
[Miyako] Octopus thief!
[Bibilian laughs]
The looks on their faces!
[chewing] They're in awe
of my super scientific powers
that enabled me to snatch the octopus
from those takoyaki.
Big Bro, that's not fair.
You're eating all the good stuff.
Get on with conquering Earth
if you have that much free time.
Put a cork in it.
This is part of my Earth invasion plan.
Stealing octopus from takoyaki?
By stealing things
that Earth thieves wouldn't,
I'll show them how superior we are.
That will scare them!
[Bibilian cheers]
He's so petty...
That alien is the worst.
Stealing octopus from takoyaki?
What a poor excuse for an alien.
Must be tiring having him
always around,
-right, Naoko?
-Huh? [sighs]
[Naoko] Look, clovers!
They're so beautiful!
I wonder if there's one with four leaves.
-Naoko, what are you doing?
-[leaves rustling]
Let's go home.
Wait, I'm looking for a four-leaf clover.
A four-leaf clover, huh?
I used to look for them as a kid, but...
I'm not sure if it's romantic
or just childish.
Come on out, Mr. Four-Leaf Clover.
Oh, Naoko, you look so cute
searching through the clovers.
-He's back.
-What do you want?
I've taken all the four-leaf clovers.
[laughs]
What did you say?
He's got too much free time.
You're terrible!
How could you steal all of them?
-You can have them back if you want.
-[Naoko yelling] What are you doing?
Happy now, Naoko?
[grunting]
A four-leaf clover is only lucky
if you find it yourself.
Each person should treasure their own,
but you...
You...
[yelps] Look how many
you ripped out of the ground!
Oh, the poor, poor clovers! [groans]
[roaring]
[yelps]
She turned into Gauko!
-[Kana, Erika moans]
-[Gauko roars]
-Gauko Punch!
-[yelps]
[screaming]
-[roars]
-[moaning]
[Kana, Erika scream]
[roaring]
[Naoko] Who destroyed
the beautiful green park?
That would be me...
Naoko.
[magical clink]
[sad music playing]
[Naoko] O stars above, please forgive me.
I'll be a good girl from now on.
I won't get angry, no matter what.
And I'll never change into Gauko again.
[Bibilian sighs] That was awful.
Conquering Earth is not so easy after all.
Ah! Naoko might turn into
a horrible dinosaur when she gets mad,
but she's still the most beautiful of all.
She's the strongest,
prettiest girl in the universe. [laughs]
[Drop, Lemon sigh]
We won't be conquering Earth
any time soon.
-[Bibilian] Naoko!
-[gasps]
Not you again!
[roars]
No! I mustn't get angry.
-I brought you a present, Naoko.
-Huh?
I searched high and low to bring you
a four-eared space rat.
They're popular good luck charms
among us aliens.
-Uh...
-[squeaks]
[yelps] Gross!
Do you like it?
[yelling] You ridiculous alien!
-[Gauko roaring]
-[Bibilian screams]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪